head     1.1;
access   ;
symbols  ;
locks    ;
comment  @@;


1.1
date     91.04.18.14.39.14;  author bin;  state Exp;
branches ;
next	;


desc
@init ver pulled from 310 ship disk
@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@The great prince issues commands, founds states, vests families with fiefs.
Inferior people should not be employed.

So many times those who have nothing to say
cannot be persuaded to remain silent.

To pity is a degree of love.

Love isn't that difficult--if it is,
then you are taking yourself too seriously.

A nasty tongue is worse than a wicked hand--don't be destructive.

Waiting in the mud brings about the arrival of the enemy.

You called 529-4431.

If pipes work, go to Le Francais.  Do not pass GO, do not collect $200.

It furthers one to see the great man.

Please insert another quarter and try again.

No mail.

No 7mail.

Why does the porridge bird lay its eggs in the air?

Receipt being printed...
Pull out card and remove money.

Even shadows have shadows.

Yes fish think, but too slowly.

This is much here to excite admiration and perplexity.

Look afar and see the end from the beginning.

Sic transit gloria mundi.

Sic transit Gloria Vanderbilt for Murjani.

Lasciate omni sperenza, ch'entrate.

Lasciate omni sperenza, ch'entrate, and don't forget to wipe your feet.

Computer Science -- solving today's problems tomorrow.

Why is a raven like a writing desk?

Quod nunc?

Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose.

When I hear the word culture, I release the safety on my Browning.

The patient man sits on his thumbs.

The prudent man does not hold his breath.

Yamata wasami shuza.

Hit <enter> to exit.

Let the wookie win.

There is no 'try', only 'do'.

We are what we do; consequently, excellence is not an act but a habit.
	Aristotle

Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later -- F. Brooks.

Cus error -- bore dumped.

Every why hath a wherefore.

Lest men suspect your tale untrue, Keep probability in view. -- John Gay (1727)

Help me Obiwan Kenobi, you're my only hope.

I see no fortune here.

A little dwarf just walked around a corner, saw you, threw a little
axe at you which missed, cursed, and ran away.

You can ask me for anything you like, except time.

You can win friends and influence people.

A dark-haired person will change your life.

You'll be called to a post requiring high ability in handling groups of people.

You have great inner strength.

Look for someone as gay as you are.

You may have to be patient now -- think, listen and heed signs.

Tyger, tyger burning bright,
In the shadows of the night.
What immortal hand or eye
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
Burma Shave

Go to, let us confuse their language, that they may not understand one
another's speech. -- Genesis XI,7

This garment inspected by number 17.

You will have mail.

It's coming up.

You may be a bit tired, rest.

It's one o'clock and time for lunch.
Dum de dum de dum ...

One of t' flayrods gone out of skew on t' treadle.

You are not expected to understand this.

Can a dog simulate pain, or is it too honest?

This is boring...

Command buffer overflow

On a clear disk you can seek forever.

You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.

You are in a maze of twisty little sub-directories, all alike.

Bus error -- core dumped

My hovercraft is full of eels.

The price of meat has just gone up,
and your old lady has just gone down...
Frank Zappa

Don't eat the yellow snow.

#define putc(c,fp)	(--(fp)->_pc<0 ? (*(fp)->_pt)(c,fp) : (*(fp)->_cp++=c))

How much would you pay for the secrets of the universe?
But wait!
You also get a combination spaghetti pot and clam steamer.
Now how much would you pay?

The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them,
that's the essence of inhumanity.

Do not fog in this office only.

And you may ask yourself, Well...how did I get here?

The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.

You can become more assertive in regard to job assignments and co-workers.

Do not judge a man by his actions.

Be sincere--even if you do not mean it.

The thoughts of youth are long, long thoughts.

Lock up your daughters--Avon crawling.

What is valuable is not new, but what is new is not valuable.

If you map out a program, stick to it.

Two things to aim for in life--to get what you want and enjoy it.

Your expectations will be realised.

When the fox preaches, beware of the geese.

If you think you must find someone worthy of your love, you never will.

Every man is a volume, if you know how to read him.

Easier to rule a nation than a son.

You will be answered with good luck.

The near future holds a fine gift contentment.

God helps those who help themselves.

There are many chances in favor of it.

Avoid being jealous of someone you care for.

A company is known by the people it employs.

Wealth awaits you in a land far from your birthplace.

To prosper, step softly on new blades of grass.

You will always be successful in your business or professional career.

Happiness lies ahead.

You have nail.

You will live long and enjoy life.

An early bird catches the worm.

The early worm gets eaten.

Don't be hasty prosperity will knock on U'r door soon.

The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.

Things are looking up in your emotional life.

You are going to have a very comfortable old age.

A delay may work out to your advantage.

Turn your thoughts in another direction.

A friend is better than a dollar.

Your chopsticks will bring U good 4tune & full tummy.

You have an active mind and a keen imagination.

A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.

You will receive an inheritance because of your kindness to others.

Success depends upon hard work.

Oil will be discovered in your backyard.

Oil will be discovered in your backyard, and the taxes will bankrupt you.

71. Failure teaches success.

You may have mail.

You have both the desire and ability to express
your many talents and abilities.

You can make a great impression on new acquaintances.

An offer of a change which will prove most important to your future.

The first forty years of life give us the text;
the next thirty supply the commentary on it.

All your worries and troubles have gone forever.

Confucius say:
All work and no play
make one rich.

Your dearest wish will come true.

What is valuable is not new
but what is new is not valuable.

You're in the mood to explore new horizons.

Stop searching happiness
it's just next to you.

Smattering of everything and a
knowledge of nothing.

while: not found

You can't teach ducks to dance.

Gone today, gone tomorrow.

Whiskey is just God's way of making sure the Irish never rule the world.

Whatever you have lost will be found but not for a while.

You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.

In times of difficulty we must not lose sight of our achievements,
must see the bright future and must pluck up our courage.  -- Mao Tse-Tung

What we need is an enthusiastic but calm state of mind and
intense but orderly work. -- Mao Tse-Tung

The thing you fear most will happen sooner than you'd like.

Problems worthy of attack
Prove their worth by hitting back.  -- Piet Hein

Naive you are
If you believe
Life favours those
Who aren't naive.

You have m.

why not: found

Core error -- bus dumped.

A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.

If people listened to themselves more often, they'd talk less.

Today's newspapers will be wrapping tomorrow's fish.

Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen. -- Wittgenstein

The rumors of my death are greatly exaggerated.

I work--other people call it art.

Chinese poets talk Chinese, but what do they say?

I feel discomfort, therefore I am alive.

Your silliness has been noted.

Tell me, tell me... tell me about subscriber trunk switching.

)"%$#[[*!): missing '^' in asynchronous pipe indirection

Your mind is creative, original, and alert.

Prosimy nie zdusic dziecko!

Somebody sure cut thu that fence, aright.

Hah!

To an expert there are few possibilities, but to a beginner there are many.

Please fasten seat belts.

dog: /usr/stuff: no such file or directory

A knife with no blade for which there is no handle.

Between today and this date next year you will grow older.

It will mark the start of a lucky phase in your life.

New exclusive opportunities will be presented to you.

Successful business operations and affections rewarded.

You have to struggle to convince her.  Be patient.  Success lies ahead.

This person is serious and true and deserves to be respected.

To see once is better than to hear a dozen times.

Horn works--try your lights.

...and there was Hermann Hesse, sitting right in front of me, smoking a pipe!

Many common beginner "errors" are not considered errors by the system; they
just invoke hitherto unexplored features of the language.

A closed mouth gathers no foot.

May the Force be with you.

May the Farce be with you.

One man's constant is another man's variable.

Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semi-colons.

It is easier to write an incorrect program than to understand a correct one.

Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.

A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.

But who will drive the tanker?

To kidnap a kzin is probably a mistake..

It's hard to fix something when it's working.

Kiss your lover today.

Have you hugged your sweetie today?

How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
That's not funny!

de gustibus non est disputandum

perfidium est bono

Some men are discovered; others are found out.

Words must be weighed, not counted.

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.

He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.

You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.

Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.

Words are the voice of the heart.

Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.

A king's castle is his home.

He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.

The universe is laughing behind your back.

The best prophet of the future is the past.

It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.

Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.

Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.

Money may buy friendship but money can not buy love.

Might as well be frank, monsieur.
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca.

Creditors have much better memories than debtors.

Many pages make a thick book.

Every purchase has its price.

Do not underestimate the power of the Force.

You will step on the night soil of many countries.

Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.

He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat
when going on cruise.

Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.

If you suspect a man, don't employ him.

The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.

Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.

A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.

A good memory does not equal pale ink.

How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.

You dialed 5483

It's later than you think.

Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.

It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.

Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.

Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.

Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.

Let not the sands of time get into your lunch.

The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.

Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.

Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.

Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.

To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.

He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.

Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.

Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.

You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.

As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.

One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.

Crazee Edeee,  his prices are INSANE!!!

It is better to wear out than to rust out.

When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.

The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.

It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.

How you look depends on where you go.

A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.

A man who turns green has eschewed protein.

Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.

Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.

Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.

People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.

A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.

Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.

Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.

Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.

You have mail.

His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.

Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.

Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.

With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.

He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.

Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.

Today is the last day of your life so far.

Flee at once, all is discovered.

Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.

Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.

For a good time, call 836-3100.

Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.

Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.

God does not play dice.

This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.

Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.

No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.

You will feel hungry again in another hour.

You now have Asian Flu.

God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.

Disk crisis, please clean up!

You auto buy now.

Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.

Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.

Many are cold, but few are frozen.

The early worm gets the bird.

He who hesitates is sometimes saved.

Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.

The future isn't what it used to be. (It never was.)

Can't open /usr/games/lib/fortunes.

If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.

It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.

Disk crunch - please clean up.

General Meeting at 4pm in Conference Room 2

I will never lie to you.

Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.

Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.

1 bulls, 3 cows

It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.

Waste not, get your budget cut next year.

Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.

Snow Day - stay home.

Save gas, don't eat beans.

All that glitters has a high refractive index.

Ignore previous fortune.

When in doubt, lead trump.

23. ...  r-q1

unix soit qui mal y pense

Even a cabbage may look at a king.

Honi soit la vache qui rit.

No directory

One COHERENT System - it works.

One UNIX System - it sometimes works.

* COHERENT is a Trademark of Mark Williams.

* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.

chess tonight

External Security:

Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.

MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING

A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.

IOT trap -- core dumped

IOT trap -- mos dumped

/usr/news/gotcha

Rotten wood can not be carved - Confucius (Analects, Book 5, Ch. 9)

System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.

: is not an identifier

Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.

Those who can do, those who can't, write.

The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.

New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.

You might have mail.

You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME

To him that can take all you have, give what he asks.

Think much, speak little, write less.

It's hard to fix something when it's working.

A runaway nun never speaks well of her convent.

Contact has been made.

Half a brain is enough for him who says little.

He that is a donkey and believes himself a deer
finds out his mistake at the leaping of the ditch.

I declare the dawning of a new golden age of prosperity.

If one is not extremely careful,
somebody may come up from behind and strike him.
Misfortune.

Let them eat cookies.

Misfortune.

Mud is slipping through the intake valve.

Never let people see the bottom of your purse nor the back of your mind.

Teaching a pig to sing wastes your time and only annoys the pig.

To err is human/The air is humid.

You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.

You are contemplating some action which will bring creditors upon you.

You are contemplative and analytical by nature.

You incompentent lice; you mindless crawling dogs.

You man have to be patient now -- think, listen and heed signs.

Your last gessage was mighly harbled.

God is real, unless declared integer.

Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not
truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love, love is not music.
Music is the best.

Sometimes when you fill a vacuum, it still sucks.  -- Dennis Ritchie

@
