This text is extracted from the Troubleshooting section of the PTF 1-2
booklet.  It was written, and is Copyright, 1992, by Rich Morin.  See
the booklet (Legalities section) for restrictions on its commercial use.

A/UX, MacOS, etc.

Prior to release 3.0, A/UX (Apple's UNIX) did not support ISO-9660 at all.
A/UX 3.0 does support ISO-9660, but not from UNIX programs.  (ISO-9660 discs
are only accessible from Macintosh programs.) Consequently, the PTF scripts
(and any other UNIX commands) do not work.  Worse, A/UX thinks that all
ISO-9660 CD-ROM files are of type "TEXT".  Consequently, it will try to
"convert" them (changing carriage returns into newlines) when you drag them
to a UNIX file system.

All is not lost, however.  Using a word-processing package, you can browse
the CD-ROM's text (0.doc, 0.lst, *.ltv, etc.) files.  Tell the word-processor
that the files are "text", and it should read them successfully.

Once you have found an archive of interest, you need to get it safely onto a
UNIX file system.  One workaround requires that you have sufficient room for
the archive on an HFS file system.  Drag the archive to the HFS file system.
Using ResEdit, change the Type from "TEXT" to "BIN ".  Then drag it to a
UNIX file system.

To unpack the archive, use zcat, tar, and/or cpio, as needed.  The code in
a2z/bin/p.get is a good starting point for this.  Alternatively, you can
rename the file, giving it a Z extension, then uncompress it.  Finally, if
you have installed GNU tar, you can unpack compressed archives directly.
(Check out the "-z" option.)

A different workaround was suggested by Parag Patel (parag@netcom.com).
There is a file named "ISO 9660 File Access" in the System Folder.  Using
ResEdit, hack the "Main" NCOD resource of this file, changing the string
"TEXT" to the string "BIN " (with a space), and the string "hscd" into the
string "A/UX".  Then logout and login again.

Unfortunately, now the files which really are TEXT cannot be directly
viewed by double-clicking them.  One hack for this problem is to use the
freeware BBEdit text editor, set it to read any type of file and to
automatically convert linefeeds, then use its Open dialog to browse the CD
filesystem.  Alternatively...

ISO-9660 Utilities

Bill Siegmund and Rich Morin have written some user-mode ISO-9660 utilities.
One program lists a CD-ROM, another grabs files by name and writes them to
standard output, etc.  (If you use these tools on A/UX, skip the ResEdit
hackery described above.  Use an editor to look over the 0.doc files, then
use these tools to retrieve desired archives.)

If you can read the PTF discs on some other system, grab the files in
archive/9660_u.  Due to an editing error, they contain a preliminary (read
buggy) version, and will fail to see some files and directories.  They
should help you to get started, however.

To get the current version, send a note to Rich (rdm@cfcl.com).
Alternatively, Bill says he will make up and mail an MS-DOS floppy (360 KB,
5.25", DS/DD) for $5 US.  Contact him at Bill Siegmund, Cal-Tex Computers,
1080 Rebecca Dr., Boulder Creek, CA 95006, +1 408 338-2572.
