

ls                           Command                           ls




List directory's contents

llss [-aaccddffggiillrrssttuu] [_f_i_l_e ... ]

The command ls  prints information about each file.  Normally, ls
sorts its  output by file name  and prints only the  name of each
file.  If a directory name is  given as an argument, ls sorts and
lists its  contents, not including  `.' and `..'.  If  no file is
named, ls lists the contents of the current directory.

The following options control  how ls sorts and displays its out-
put.

-aa   Print all directory entries, including `.', `..', any hidden
     files, and volume ID's.

-cc   Sort by the time the files' attributes were last changed.

-dd   Treat directories as if they were files.

-ff   Force each argument to be treated as a directory.  This dis-
     ables  the -lrst  options and  sorting,  and enables  the -a
     option.

-gg   Display  group list rather  than user ls of  owner; only ap-
     plicable with -l.

-ii   Print the i-number of each file.

-ll    Print information  in long  format.   The fields  give mode
     bits, link count, owner uid, owner gid, size in bytes, date,
     and  file  name.  For special files,  major and minor device
     numbers replace the size field.

-rr   Reverse the sense of the sort.

-RR   Recursively print directories.

-ss   Print the size in blocks of each file.

-tt   Sort by time, newest first.

-uu   Sort by the access time.

The date ls prints with the -l and -t options is the modification
time, unless the -c or -u option is used as well.

The mode  field in the  long list format consists  of ten charac-
ters.  The first character will be one of the following:







COHERENT Lexicon                                           Page 1




ls                           Command                           ls



             -       Regular file



             bb       Block special file
             cc       Character special file



             dd       Directory



             pp       Pipe
             xx       Bad entry (remove it immediately!)


The remaining nine  characters are permission bits, in three sets
of three characters each.  The first set pertains to the owner of
the file,  the second  to users from  the owner's group,  and the
third to users from other groups.  Each set may contain 3 charac-
ters from the following.


             rr       The file can be read
             ss       Set effective user ID or group ID on execution
             tt       Shared text is sticky
             ww       The file can be read
             xx       The file is executable
             -       No permission is given


***** See Also *****

chmod, commands, lc, stat






















COHERENT Lexicon                                           Page 2


